of public safety where the ovoid
she is in the air and takes it
there number 21 of the tigers that
begins to devour yards you do not see that
can not finally have the high of the
land not of the 37 is where a strong
We will be mango that is already recognized
in our country they found with the number
21 by land and quickly all good and
it's going to be a touchdown to live the
who bad that is far from louis does
some years you will remember them this
player who was a long time of his
years of glory let's say with the
technological monterrey campus state of
Mexico and that subsequently went with
more than
fruit I am quickly with the number 90
the sky all very interesting
we will find that they usually come by
land with the number 25 its value more
low that is very fast goodbye 6 points
once again the terrestrial elusive game
on the part of the following you mark 6 points
in this game and dominates they appropriate
out of the field from the start of it
by coach enrique embroiders back
remove rivers goes full pass and the
Monday three tackles a fourth god there
grass in front of him crossed out six more points
down the tigers and we already saw nothing here
rivers pass 48 yards of rivers to
place this attraction and once again
the civility attack of the
actually collegial back
gonzález and aimed to be intercepted not
intercepted by the number 12
and there's a strange half block because
causes annotation
marcus dominguez in a hesitation
receiver achieves the interception him
snatches the ovoid and takes it to
the annotation zone
the ovoid is in the air
and take the 232 however loose
ovoid and quickly of course can
make an annotation
well in quintana rivers with one played
creative with the number one to the cne is
which leads the wolf strikeout and even jumps
so it's not six more points for the
cause
the tigers that comes with the attempt of
extra point
it is good to doubt the officers that has
come a lot of quality the one that has
now the tickets to receive the
return
a very short kick that falls into the hands of
castelán already comes precisely
moving the legs does not seem like what
are going to attack and in effect there is only
companions in front of him and already
practically jogging arrives in the area
of scoring 68 yards in this comeback
up to the mario scoring zone
castelán returns to show the lesividad
over the field and take the ball once
more to the diagonals to mark 6
more points in favor of your team
strange return of kick because
practically after crossing the
midfield
given its measurement and the attempt is
good however there is a punishment I think
that they are going to look for precisely the other
side like this is the pass is complete all the
corner you can go there is only grass
in front of him
and we have the votes spent by part
of the tigers that extend the advantage a
play that looked like it would be from the side
left of the field but that is thrown
on the other side of the right side to
score 6 more points in favor of
felines
as expected, I normally play
the diagonals comes the point attempt
extra and it's good as the
officials therefore the cheating move
per race goes to the long pass to the area
annotated pass intercepted
the tigers achieve the interception and
someone gets 20 - yard return to the
25 out there is created in the yard 21 of
your own being
remember that everything ends well and not
there was more the meeting ends and the
traditional greeting among
contenders of a football match
american in the center of the grid
and we are going to take a break for
that we go to interviews at the level of
field a pleasure javier have been
conscious now of all the day
thank you very much passion film for having us
allowed to be here many thanks to the
league and the teams that put all their
pawn in the field let's pause
well it's lovers of the grill of the
buns